Story 1
As a user I would like to add a restaurant so that I can include restaurants that doesn't exists.
Acceptance Criteria
1. Button on main page to add restaurant 
2. Clicking on the button opens a modal window
3. Modal window has required input fields for restaurant (name,address,etc)
4. Clicking add/save restaurant will populate the nav bar and the main google maps 
Yes this works 

As a user i want to be able to add a review, so that other users can find my thoughts. 


Story 3
As a user I want to be able to select a point on the map so I don't have to manual input the details
Acceptance Criteria
1.Clicking on button opens a modal window
2.Google Map is displayed in Modal window
3.Clicking on google maps will add a marker 
4.Clicking on another location on the map will add another marker and remove the old one.
5.Modal window only has an input field for restaurantName
6.Clicking add/save restaurant will populate the nav bar and the main google maps 

What do i need to display google map in Modal window? - done
Data return in modal window, why do i need Google, etc. 

Callback function research (async..often used )

Find a way to remove markers, currently i am giving them lat and lng and setting it as an object. 
Try and replicate what i did previously with gmarker on App.vue and restaurant.

Work on adding google street view images to the restaurant
Work on adding user requirements to modal window so it rejects the wrong choices
Filter array - change the value form input - On the value change 
clicking on the google maps marker will autocomplete the address field

Story 4
As user I want to see the Google Street View photo via the corresponding API.
Acceptance Criteria
1.A Component that displays the streetView when selected 
1.Clicking on the restaurants will open rest card
2.Restcard will display the image of the current restaurant selected 
3.
4.

Hardcoded Restaurants Reviews are not displaying, Address for google restaurants are not displaying.
Restcard reviews needs to close when i click Close btn 

Story 5
As a user I want to be able to select a restaurant based on the amount of stars 
Acceptance Criteria
1.A Component that allows me to select and deselect a number of stars (Two input fields)
    1a.A form or dropdown box is visible for me to select the number of stars
2.Based on the amount of stars selected, these restaurants will be displayed on Google map and Navbar
3.When I move the map I want those X stars only to be displayed.
4.
5. 

How does data binding work?
emitting selected numbers back to app.vue based on changes.
Do I run the filter function before the map loads?

Find a way to add numbers above the range slider.

Computed function for rating, to return average scores 

Story 6
As a user I want to be able to leave a review for a restaurant.
1. There will be save button
2. The save button updates the restaurant 
    2a.Update average score 
    2b.Updates the total amount of ratings.
    2c.Comments, username and Stars are updated on the Rest card.
in app .vue
     <ModalWindow @submit="updateRestaurant" />

     restrict the min and max on the side.
     computed function.
     
Story 7

Clicking Close on add Restaurant window closes the window
Selecting a place on the map updates the restaurant address field.

lat: 51.512829, lng: -0.128001
{ lat: 51.512829, lng: -0.128001 }

Rest card no info added should send error and not let it submit. 

address is not updating.
